feat: add direct remote access over s3 and https via warcio >= 1.8.0 (#25)
commoncrawl/whirlwind-python: README.md

### Indexing remote WARC files

Through warcio's remote file handling capabilities, `cdxj-indexer` too can work on remote files, and this is true not just Common Crawl's, but any WARC files accessible over HTTPS or S3. As an example, let us check two WARC files from the End-of-Term Web Archive, which preserves U.S. government websites around presidential transitions. We will check one WARC file crawled by the Internet Archive (in the IA-000 segment), and another one repackaged from Common Crawl data (in the CC-000 segment). Let's index a few records from each.

Run:
`make cdxj-remote-https`

<details>
  <summary>Click to view code</summary>

```
cdxj-indexer https://eotarchive.s3.amazonaws.com/crawl-data/EOT-2024/segments/IA-000/warc/EOT24PRE-20240926172119-crawl804_EOT24PRE-20240926172119-00000.warc.gz 2>/dev/null | head -n 10 | tee eot-ia.cdxj
cdxj-indexer https://eotarchive.s3.amazonaws.com/crawl-data/EOT-2024/segments/CC-000/warc/EOT-2024-REPACKAGE-CC-MAIN-2024-42-GOV-000000-001.warc.gz 2>/dev/null | head -n 10 | tee eot-cc.cdxj
```
</details>

> The first command fetches and indexes these two WARC over HTTPS. Since they are both around 1GB each, so we display and save only the first 10 records.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The first command fetches and indexes these two WARCs over HTTPS. Since they are both around 1GB each, we display and save only the first 10 records.
```
